
UC-7. Send store code: The system receives the order information, and sends the QR code back.
UC-8. Scan store code: The cabinet scans the QR code.
UC-9. Open cabinet: The cabinet recognizes the QR code successfully and opens the cabinet.

Use Case UC-£¨7£©Send storage code
Use Case UC-£¨7£©Send storage code
Related Requirement¡¯s:REQ5, REQ8, table1-2
Initiating Actor: All of: senders
Actor¡¯s Goal: let the sender to take the food or takeout into the cabinet.
Participating Actors: data processing center, information system
Preconditions: The receivers have finished the order information.
Post conditions: The system get the behavior and send the storage code, and let the senders take the food of takeout into the cabinet.
Flow of Events for Main Success Scenario: The receivers wrote the order information, the system understood the meaning and send storage code to the senders, and the senders will use the storage code to open the cabinet¡¯s door.


Use Case UC-£¨8£©scan the storage code
Use Case UC-£¨8£©scan the storage code
Related Requirement¡¯s: REQ5, REQ8, table1-2
Initiating Actor: All of: senders
Actor¡¯s Goal: the senders want to take the food or takeout into the cabinet.
Participating Actors: data processing center, canner, information system, 
Preconditions: The senders get the storage code
Post conditions: The cabinet¡¯s door is opened.
Flow of Events for Main Success Scenario: The senders get the code; he goes to the cabinet and scans the storage code. The system confirm the behavior, and open the door.





Use Case UC-£¨9£©Open your own cabinet
Use Case UC-£¨9£©Open your own cabinet
Related Requirement¡¯s:REQ5, REQ8, table1-2
Initiating Actor: Any of: recipients
Actor¡¯s Goal: Get the own food and takeout
Participating Actors: cabinet, door of the, scanner, system, data Processing Center
Preconditions: Recipients got the fetch code and scan the QR code.
Post conditions: The door opened.
Flow of Events for Main Success Scenario: The recipients got the message and use the fetch code to scan the QR code. The system will confirm the behavior. The recipients open the door.

